Gousto tech-talent academy 

Bank Nyala, the idea behind this project was to create a fake bank which can be used to scam baiters to catch scammers. 

The Refund Scam: The refund scam is a common fraudulent scheme to steal money. There are many variants of the scheme. 
                 In each variant, however, the scammers stick to a specific script that has been written by the person who designed scheme. 
                 Typically, this script involves the following steps:

Bait the victim: Prospective victims are contacted to inform them they are entitled to a refund. 
                 Often, telephone numbers of victims of another scam are purchased or stolen to 
                 find people to contact.
                 
Connect to PC:   In order to proceed with the scheme, the scammer requires remote access to the victim's computer.
                 To achieve this, the scammer will ask the victim to download some type of remote access software 
                 that is used by IT support teams. Each refund scam script includes a reason for this that fits within the story line.
               
Sell the lie:    Next, the scammer pretends to process the refund. For this crucial part of the scam to work,
                 the scammer must get the victim to log into their bank account.The scammer will use this to 
                 make the victim believe that in the process of processing the refund, an extra digit was entered into 
                 the refund amount and the victim received far more money than they were owed. The scammer will edit the 
                 HTML shown by the victim's web browser to make the victim believe that they did receive too much money. 
                 At this point, the scammer feigns shock and surprise, and coerces the victim to "return" the amount that was overpaid.
              
Arrange Payment: This is the final step of the plan where the victim is
                 pressured into paying the scammer using some form of untraceable payment, such as gift cards.
                 
A live demonsatration can be seen here: https://youtu.be/X4PllvUowaQ


About the project:

This project was assigned to me by the university, as I am intrested in cyber security as well, I got really excited about this project. We built a fake bank
which essentially has everything which a normal bank would. This was specially designed for scam baiters who can use the admin side to control everything which happens.
Overall I learned a lot throughout this project, from team spirit to learning new technologies. I learned RUby on Rails one week before this project and was able
to build on everything I learned. Through this project I not only learned something new but also saw it come alive. I want to learn more in the future and hopefully
get an oppurtunity to build something through that new technology. 
                 
My Work:        

I mostly worked on the admin side of the project. I implemented the whole interface including the login system and dashboard. For the login page
a gem called Devise has been used which takes care of the authentication. On the dashboard there are several sections, each section has its own use. 
I also helped my teammates with some of the errors they are facing in their area of work. For exaple my teammate who was handling the transaction functionality
was confused about how to implement the sort-code, I suggested that we put 4 set numbers and the last two numbers can be the user id present in our database. Through
this suggestion he got an idea and implemented the functionality. 

Unfortunately the tests which have been written are not upto the mark and does not test everything out. Since we divided work in our team the team member responsible 
for tests couldn't do much. 

For limitaitons and future work: Since proper testing of the system was not done, I can't say anything about the limitations for sure. First order of businnes would
                                 be to write more tests and then work on fixing them. Once that is done I can surely talk about the limitaitons of the system. 

The application is currently hosted on heroku, the link can be found in the READme of this project along with the instructions to access the admin side. 

I hope you like the project. 
Have a great day!
